Codewars/README.md, before:

# Problemas resolvidos do Codewars

## Problemas de nível 8 kyu

| Nome                                        | Linguagens disponíveis                                                                                                    |
|---------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1. Find all active students                 | [SQL](SQL%2F8%20kyu%2F1.%20Find%20all%20active%20students.sql)                                                            |
| Abbreviate a Two Word Name                  | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Abbreviate%20a%20Two%20Word%20Name.java)                                                              |
| Adults only (SQL for Beginners #1)          | [SQL](SQL%2F8%20kyu%2FAdults%20only%20(SQL%20for%20Beginners%20%231).sql)                                                 |
| Basic Mathematical Operations               | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Basic%20Mathematical%20Operations.cs)                                                                   |
| Beginner - Lost Without a Map               | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Beginner%20-%20Lost%20Without%20a%20Map.java)                                                         |
| Beginner - Reduce but Grow                  | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Beginner%20-%20Reduce%20but%20Grow.java)                                                              |
| Beginner Series #2 Clock                    | [SQL](SQL/8%20kyu/Beginner%20Series%20%232%20Clock.sql)                                                                   |
| Calculate average                           | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Calculate%20average.java)                                                                             |
| Century From Year                           | [SQL](SQL%2F8%20kyu%2FCentury%20from%20Year.sql)                                                                          |
| Compare within Margin                       | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Compare%20within%20margin.cs)                                                                           |
| Convert boolean values to strings Yes or no | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Convert%20boolean%20values%20to%20strings%20Yes%20or%20No.cs)                                           |
| Count of positives / sum of negatives       | [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Count%20of%20positives%20-%20sum%20of%20negatives.js)                                     |
| Count the Monkeys                           | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Count%20the%20Monkeys.java)                                                                           |
| Counting sheep...                           | [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Counting%20sheep....js)                                                                   |
| Even or Odd                                 | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Even%20or%20Odd.cs), [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Even%20or%20Odd.js)                                |
| Fake Binary                                 | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Fake%20Binary.java)                                                                                   |
| Find Maximum and Minimum Values of a List   | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Find%20Maximum%20and%20Minimum%20Values%20of%20a%20List.java)                                         |
| Find the smallest integer in the array      | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Find%20the%20smallest%20integer%20in%20the%20array.cs)                                                  |
| Get Nth Even Number                         | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Get%20Nth%20Even%20Number.cs)                                                                           |
| Grasshopper - Summation                     | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Grasshopper%20-%20Summation.cs)                                                                         |
| Grasshopper - Terminal game move function   | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Grasshopper%20-%20Terminal%20game%20move%20function.java)                                             |
| Invert values                               | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Invert%20values.java)                                                                                 |
| Is n divisible by x and y?                  | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Is%20n%20divisible%20by%20x%20and%20y.cs), [SQL](SQL/8%20kyu/Is%20n%20divisible%20by%20x%20and%20y.sql) |
| Keep Hydrated                               | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Keep%20Hydrated.java)                                                                                 |
| Multiply                                    | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Multiply.cs), [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Multiply.js)                                              |
| Opposite number                             | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Opposite%20number.cs), [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Opposite%20number.js)                            |
| Remove First and Last Character             | [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Remove%20First%20and%20Last%20Character.js)                                               |
| Return Negative                             | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Return%20Negative.cs), [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Return%20negative.js)                            |
| SQL Basics: Mod                             | [SQL](SQL/8%20kyu/SQL%20Basics%20-%20mod.sql)                                                                             |
| SQL Basics: Simple DISTINCT                 | [SQL](SQL%2F8%20kyu%2FSQL%20Basics%20-%20Simple%20DISTINCT.sql)                                                           |
| SQL Basics: Simple WHERE and ORDER BY       | [SQL](SQL%2F8%20kyu%2FSQL%20Basics%20-%20Simple%20WHERE%20and%20ORDER%20BY.sql)                                           |
| Square(n) Sum                               | [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Square\(n\)%20Sum.js)                                                                     |
| Sum of positive                             | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Sum%20of%20positive.cs)                                                                                 |

## Problemas de nível 7 kyu

| Nome                      | Linguagens disponíveis                                 |
|---------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| Are the numbers in order? | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Are%20the%20numbers%20in%20order.cs) |
| Ch4113ng3                 | [Java](Java/7%20kyu/Ch4113ng3.java)                    |
| Complementaty DNA         | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Complementary%20DNA.cs)              |
| Disemvowel Trolls         | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Disemvowel%20Trolls.cs)              |
| Exes and Ohs              | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Exes%20and%20Ohs.cs)                 |
| Get the Middle Character  | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Get%20the%20Middle%20Character.cs)   |
| Highest and Lowest        | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Highest%20and%20Lowest.cs)           |
| Mumbling                  | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Mumbling.cs)                         |
| Shortest Word             | [JavaScript](JavaScript/7%20kyu/Shortest%20Word.js)    |
| Square Every Digit        | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Square%20Every%20Digit.cs)           |
| Sum of angles             | [JavaScript](JavaScript/7%20kyu/Sum%20of%20angles.js)  |
| Vowel Count               | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Vowel%20Count.cs)                    |
| You're a square!          | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/You're%20a%20square.cs)              |

## Problemas de nível 6 kyu

| Nome                | Linguagens Disponíveis                                |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| Multiples of 3 or 5 | [Java](Java/6%20kyu/Multiples%20of%203%20or%205.java) |

## Problemas de nível 5 kyu

| Nome    | Linguagens Disponíveis            |
|---------|-----------------------------------|
| Soundex | [Java](Java/5%20kyu/Soundex.java) |

Commit message:

Add 'Analyzing the sales by product and date' (Codewars, SQL).

Codewars/README.md, after:

# Problemas resolvidos do Codewars

## Problemas de nível 8 kyu

| Nome                                        | Linguagens disponíveis                                                                                                    |
|---------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1. Find all active students                 | [SQL](SQL%2F8%20kyu%2F1.%20Find%20all%20active%20students.sql)                                                            |
| Abbreviate a Two Word Name                  | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Abbreviate%20a%20Two%20Word%20Name.java)                                                              |
| Adults only (SQL for Beginners #1)          | [SQL](SQL%2F8%20kyu%2FAdults%20only%20(SQL%20for%20Beginners%20%231).sql)                                                 |
| Basic Mathematical Operations               | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Basic%20Mathematical%20Operations.cs)                                                                   |
| Beginner - Lost Without a Map               | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Beginner%20-%20Lost%20Without%20a%20Map.java)                                                         |
| Beginner - Reduce but Grow                  | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Beginner%20-%20Reduce%20but%20Grow.java)                                                              |
| Beginner Series #2 Clock                    | [SQL](SQL/8%20kyu/Beginner%20Series%20%232%20Clock.sql)                                                                   |
| Calculate average                           | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Calculate%20average.java)                                                                             |
| Century From Year                           | [SQL](SQL%2F8%20kyu%2FCentury%20from%20Year.sql)                                                                          |
| Compare within Margin                       | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Compare%20within%20margin.cs)                                                                           |
| Convert boolean values to strings Yes or no | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Convert%20boolean%20values%20to%20strings%20Yes%20or%20No.cs)                                           |
| Count of positives / sum of negatives       | [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Count%20of%20positives%20-%20sum%20of%20negatives.js)                                     |
| Count the Monkeys                           | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Count%20the%20Monkeys.java)                                                                           |
| Counting sheep...                           | [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Counting%20sheep....js)                                                                   |
| Even or Odd                                 | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Even%20or%20Odd.cs), [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Even%20or%20Odd.js)                                |
| Fake Binary                                 | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Fake%20Binary.java)                                                                                   |
| Find Maximum and Minimum Values of a List   | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Find%20Maximum%20and%20Minimum%20Values%20of%20a%20List.java)                                         |
| Find the smallest integer in the array      | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Find%20the%20smallest%20integer%20in%20the%20array.cs)                                                  |
| Get Nth Even Number                         | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Get%20Nth%20Even%20Number.cs)                                                                           |
| Grasshopper - Summation                     | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Grasshopper%20-%20Summation.cs)                                                                         |
| Grasshopper - Terminal game move function   | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Grasshopper%20-%20Terminal%20game%20move%20function.java)                                             |
| Invert values                               | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Invert%20values.java)                                                                                 |
| Is n divisible by x and y?                  | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Is%20n%20divisible%20by%20x%20and%20y.cs), [SQL](SQL/8%20kyu/Is%20n%20divisible%20by%20x%20and%20y.sql) |
| Keep Hydrated                               | [Java](Java/8%20kyu/Keep%20Hydrated.java)                                                                                 |
| Multiply                                    | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Multiply.cs), [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Multiply.js)                                              |
| Opposite number                             | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Opposite%20number.cs), [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Opposite%20number.js)                            |
| Remove First and Last Character             | [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Remove%20First%20and%20Last%20Character.js)                                               |
| Return Negative                             | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Return%20Negative.cs), [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Return%20negative.js)                            |
| SQL Basics: Mod                             | [SQL](SQL/8%20kyu/SQL%20Basics%20-%20mod.sql)                                                                             |
| SQL Basics: Simple DISTINCT                 | [SQL](SQL%2F8%20kyu%2FSQL%20Basics%20-%20Simple%20DISTINCT.sql)                                                           |
| SQL Basics: Simple WHERE and ORDER BY       | [SQL](SQL%2F8%20kyu%2FSQL%20Basics%20-%20Simple%20WHERE%20and%20ORDER%20BY.sql)                                           |
| Square(n) Sum                               | [JavaScript](JavaScript/8%20kyu/Square\(n\)%20Sum.js)                                                                     |
| Sum of positive                             | [C#](C%23/8%20kyu/Sum%20of%20positive.cs)                                                                                 |

## Problemas de nível 7 kyu

| Nome                      | Linguagens disponíveis                                 |
|---------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| Are the numbers in order? | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Are%20the%20numbers%20in%20order.cs) |
| Ch4113ng3                 | [Java](Java/7%20kyu/Ch4113ng3.java)                    |
| Complementaty DNA         | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Complementary%20DNA.cs)              |
| Disemvowel Trolls         | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Disemvowel%20Trolls.cs)              |
| Exes and Ohs              | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Exes%20and%20Ohs.cs)                 |
| Get the Middle Character  | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Get%20the%20Middle%20Character.cs)   |
| Highest and Lowest        | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Highest%20and%20Lowest.cs)           |
| Mumbling                  | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Mumbling.cs)                         |
| Shortest Word             | [JavaScript](JavaScript/7%20kyu/Shortest%20Word.js)    |
| Square Every Digit        | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Square%20Every%20Digit.cs)           |
| Sum of angles             | [JavaScript](JavaScript/7%20kyu/Sum%20of%20angles.js)  |
| Vowel Count               | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/Vowel%20Count.cs)                    |
| You're a square!          | [C#](C%23/7%20kyu/You're%20a%20square.cs)              |

## Problemas de nível 6 kyu

| Nome                                    | Linguagens Disponíveis                                                         |
|-----------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Analyzing the sales by product and date | [SQL](SQL%2F6%20kyu%2FAnalyzing%20the%20sales%20by%20product%20and%20date.sql) |
| Multiples of 3 or 5                     | [Java](Java/6%20kyu/Multiples%20of%203%20or%205.java)                          |

## Problemas de nível 5 kyu

| Nome    | Linguagens Disponíveis            |
|---------|-----------------------------------|
| Soundex | [Java](Java/5%20kyu/Soundex.java) |
